[FormRecognizer] Remove RecognizedReceipt + Add Strongly-Typed Sample (#12836)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/formrecognizer/Azure.AI.FormRecognizer/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0-preview.4 (Unreleased)

### Breaking changes

> 

Reviewer: should we add in the new features the information about the new sample?

Author: I agree that there's value in letting customers know about the new sample, since it enhances the user experience. We had guidelines for writing changelogs, hadn't we? I'll take a look.

Author: Realized we can added it to new features, since we're introducing `FormField{T}` back.
```
`FormField<T>` class added for third party extensibility. See [this sample] for more details.
```

- Property `CopyAuthorization.ExpiresOn` type is now `DateTimeOffset`.

> - `RecognizedReceipt` and `RecognizedReceiptsCollection` classes removed. Receipt information must now be extracted from a `RecognizedForm`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `RecognizedReceipt` and `RecognizedReceiptsCollection` classes removed. Receipt field values must now be obtained from a `RecognizedForm`.
```
